docs: add steps in troubleshooting (#3995)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/integrations/source-code-mgmt/github/index.mdx

## Troubleshooting

If you’re having issues adding a GitHub repository:

- Make sure you are the Owner of your GitHub organization.
- Make sure you are either an Admin, Manager, or Owner of your Sentry organization.

> - [Disconnect](https://sentry.io/account/settings/identities/) your GitHub Identity, then [reconnect](https://sentry.io/account/settings/social/associate/github/) your GitHub Identity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Disconnect, and then reconnect](https://sentry.io/account/settings/identities/) your GitHub Identity.
```

Author: The links are not the same :)

Reviewer: Sorry about that! How about this?

```suggestion
- [Disconnect](https://sentry.io/account/settings/identities/), and then [reconnect](https://sentry.io/account/settings/social/associate/github/) your GitHub Identity.
```
